Port PR623 (bug submit text)  to 11.1-stable branch. (#625)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/system.rst

  for including configuration files or screenshots of any errors or
  tracebacks.

Click :guilabel:`Submit` to automatically generate and upload the report

> to https://redmine.ixsystems.com/projects/freenas/issues. This process

Reviewer: Make this a clickable link:
```suggestion
to the
`bug tracker<https://redmine.ixsystems.com/projects/freenas/issues>`__.
This process
```

* **Attachments** is an optional field where configuration files or
  screenshots of any errors or tracebacks can be included.

Click :guilabel:`Submit` to generate and send the support ticket to
iXsystems. This process can take several minutes while information is
collected and sent.

> After the new ticket is created, a clickable URL to the ticket is shown

Reviewer: Match FN version:
```suggestion
After the new ticket is created, the URL is shown for viewing or
```

> for viewing or updating with more information. An

Reviewer: ```suggestion
updating with more information. An
```

> `iXsystems Support <https://support.ixsystems.com/>`__ account is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`iXsystems Support <https://support.ixsystems.com/>`__
account is
```

> required to view the ticket. Clicking the URL prompts to log in or

Reviewer: Make active:
```suggestion
required to view the ticket. Click the URL to log in or
```
